hello hey my friend I got that kid I was
talking to you about him I'm gonna put
him on the phone let you talk to him
okay oh yes are you Frank this is Jimmy
Hoffa glad to meet you
glad to meet you too even if it's over
the phone our friend speaks very highly
of you thank you
only three people in the world that one
of these at home and one of them is
Irish
I heard you paint houses yes I do so
where are you going
go to work well you know there's a
situation going on now Frank
big business and the government they're
trying to pull us down you might be
demonstrating a failure to show
appreciation I know things they don't
know I know
you can't miss the big picture
[Music]
everybody put here as a date and he's
gonna go
you want to be a part of this fight
would you like to be a part of this
history yes I would
whatever you need me to do I'm available
he likes the tuft on
[Music]
it's a pleasure to meet you mr. Dunbar
miss hunter Dunbar here tonight that's
enough I need to get an autograph don't
let him do this to me oh man I'm a
number one bit is it difficult to find
the famous people's houses
I use my star map that you have to be
careful but I want you to be accused of
stalking Hey
you can't just come to my private
residents looking for me listen pal I
don't know how you found me but I never
want to see you in this neighborhood
again
[Music]
I just wanted an autograph wait wait
wait how do you bite
you
[Applause]
the hunter kills its prey the tracker
understands him
Hakkasan we have your wife and daughter
half-a-million if you want to see them
alive tonight at 11
no police
found them this morning where are they
I'm sorry
[Music]
stick that davila terza I have
information regarding your family no one
can be trusted in this village
corruption is everywhere it's gonna hard
to live your life without knowing who
killed your love watch both the
kidnappers to finance the drug smuggling
yellow cars have fatally revenge justice
maybe
[Music]
hey there help you what state is this
sorry
you don't understand the question oh no
I most people know where they are why am
i thankful you're in the glorious state
Arkansas sweetheart bed you know they
was like well this ain't Arkansas so
everyone is lying
your idea is incredible
they can't argue with that we pay for
everything so this country belongs to us
it's just business
panting human beings for sport there are
not human beings every year a bunch of
elites kidnap normal folk like us
where'd they get you from Wyoming asipi
Lando and Han us for sport
hurry hurry hurry up so it's true
we're being hunted thank you what I'm
gonna wait was happening put him in the
back with the rest
[Music]
now they can't see us you just told them
we're here what was that I think that
was a rifle
who are these people have no idea what
you're up against
they're playing you okay the pieces will
say of all the people you kidnap of all
the people you kill you pick the wrong
game lady you're crazy recently
seriously this is NAT and it's a scratch
they're from the east side Harry
Potter's Bluff decimated by a deadly
wasting disease poor kids on the east
side of the bridge rich kids on the
other
that's a no-show how much of this blood
is yours
[Music]
blend in
you're gonna break them out don't do
anything extra time okay you know I
can't promise that
let's go there's people out there they
wanna kill those father's that scratch
II don't think I was thinking about you
[Music]
it's just us kids left now
[Applause]
and we're just trying to stay alive can
I ask you something what took you so
long to respond to me I sent you a very
well-crafted message really saqqaq and
today out of the blue you hit me up ask
if you want to grab him what change I
didn't feel like being alone not tonight
so you turn to Tendo so what happens to
me did you think we were gonna happen no
I thought we're gonna hang out maybe get
to know each other
field executors single vector going
actually step out of the vehicle for me
could you please hurry up
well you say it's just cold
just it was self-defense
we didn't a black male in class we don't
have to outrun you just have to make
sure they don't know where we are this
is Kentucky my friend there's no more
going out there and you welcome those
into our home yeah we gave our son to
believe we need to dance for you oh is
go forward there is nothing back there
for us let's just keep going
why does guy I want to mean it bad I
messed up he's playing I don't think
that's what you wanted how you know I
just think you are meant to be here
[Music]
that's alright I'll be brave enough for
the both of us I'm taking dancing let's
go you're willing to risk getting caught
so that we can dance hell yeah don't
worry you're safe here as well as you
know that I'm okay and
I want a guy to show me myself I want
him to love me so deeply I'm not afraid
to show him how ugly I can be thank you
for bringing us this far thank you for
this journey no matter how it is what do
you want I want a rattled I cannot be
your legacy
you already are by definition any freaks
who are running loose are illegal
abnormals are dangerous and we can't let
them live free
[Music]
Chloe hey so what could have seen you
small region we have to stay hidden
hey look just like us right
be strong like your mom was you know my
mom
[Music]
are you talking about what did you say
jure
[Music]
they took her away she's not dead yet is
out
we're coming out with a girl
look what you done guys
[Music]
Oh hiya mommy
[Laughter]
take me what's a timber man want we'll
be in a wiki just looking her a living
it's like any man starting new on the
run
keeping secrets on you no sir
why just fill your beans
[Music]
why'd you spill your beans
are just babies
let me go me go
how long have we been on this rock 5
weeks 2 days help me to recollect
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
you have a brother in the second
Battalion yes sir
is he alive and with your help I'd like
to keep it that way but they're walking
into a trap
your orders are to deliver a message for
calling off tomorrow morning's attack if
you don't we will lose 1600 men your
brother among them
[Music]
there's only one way this warrants
Last Man Standing
Oh
[Music]
if you fail
it will be a massacre
[Music]
good luck bless us O Lord for these
gifts for which we are about to receive
we pray to for our dad keep him from
harm away in the fighting
I'm sure it's not easy just the three of
you you would never sell the phone this
our home dear Lord we thank you for the
quarry's for the brave men who worked
them in the dark so we can have light
that protects us from the dark evil
around us
get out get out as the bird passes from
the body and so does the evil last night
I heard something what did you hear
there was someone on site in the fields
who's out yet I just want my mom to be
well again
I only ever wanted to protect you
[Music]
juanita please don't leave can't do this
to me to figure it out
you have one on your admit carry so I'm
kind of gonna bite right now and dad's
live-in nurse just quit
I was just wondering if like there is
any possibility that you couldn't come
over and watch him
[Music]
you see he's turning I'm not gonna burn
[Applause]
[Music]
everything is about what I do for work
okay see whatever you have to do to keep
that alive I don't judge you for it okay
how'd you get him outside better real
[Music]